a good way to deal with grief is to really focus on some of the positive
things that are happening in your life. If you have family, if you
have kids, uh, if you have a good network of friends, then those are
the main ones that you can go to to kind of get your mind focused
on. You know, some of the positive things instead of the thing that's
really cousins use, um, problems. Um, of course, you know, their
their individual moments. You know, you're thinking alone at night you're
driving home, Um, when there's no one around and you can't really,
like, distract reminding that way. Um, in that case, you know,
it's Ah, yeah, just stay positive. And during those times as well, maybe,
uh, cost someone on the phone. Um, yeah, do some kind of sport
that works out really, really well as well